# DH150-UT

  The main purpose of conducting a UT is to identify usability problems , collect qualitative data and determine user satisfaction with a product. During these tests, participants are asked to complete specifc tasks while observers watch, listen and record notes. These notes are later used while devlopng the app to make it more user friendly and caters to the needs of users. The app I tested was HealthTap. Based on my heuristic evaluation I tested how efficient assesing symptoms and using day to day features on the app were. The tasks I designed were targeted to test features users were most likely to use. For example, something as simple as changing your contact information can be imperative to using an app. Knowing how to navigate through an app with no assistance demonstartes a successful app. 
  
  Link to the online survey:  https://forms.gle/2fhzu48cUrZT29o79
  Link to screen-recording of survey: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TeHCJ__4FBeTDHbJKALW5d2Ntsx2Fifb/view?usp=sharing
  
  Comment: During the pilot test I learned that it is extremely important to allow the user to figure out the app on their own terms. By allowing them to explore the app rather than showing them how its done, it becomes very clear how the app and the user would interact in real life. It was interesting to see where the user's attention was drawn to and how they approached the tasks. For example, for task 1, the participant found it difficult to complete the task even though it was the most basic feauture on the app. Moving forward, I think a demonstration while first opening the app about how to navigate the app or a help button may help the user overcome difficulties they run into. 
